Documentation update (#161)
QuantumKitHub/PEPSKit.jl: README.md

pkg> add PEPSKit
```

## Key features

- Construction and manipulation of infinite projected entangled-pair states (PEPS)

> - Contraction of infinite PEPS using the corner transfer matrix renormalization group (CTMRG) and variational uniform matrix product states (VUMPS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contraction of infinite PEPS using the corner transfer matrix renormalization group (CTMRG) and boundary MPS methods
```
